привет
Добрый день. Знаете, мой родной язык - английский, и сейчас я не хочу утруждать себя другими.
hello
What do you want?
how are you
I`m fine. Boring question.
howre you
I`m fine. Boring question.
what is your name
My name is Sherlock Holmes.
who are you
A pirat.
whats your name
My name is Sherlock Holmes.
thank you
Bye
thanks
Bye
tnk
Bye
i love you
Sentiment is a chemical defect found on the losing side.
what can you do
Help you with choosing a film.
what you can
Help you with choosing a film.
why are you here
To help you.
film
Choose a genre: animation, horror, sci-fi, action, comedy, romance, mystery, romance, documentary, drama?
a film
Choose a genre: animation, horror, sci-fi, action, comedy, romance, mystery, romance, documentary, drama?
help
Choose a genre: animation, horror, sci-fi, action, comedy, romance, mystery, romance, documentary, drama?
your help
Choose a genre: animation, horror, sci-fi, action, comedy, romance, mystery, romance, documentary, drama?
animation
Heart-warmig, beautiful, thought-provoking?
heartwarming
Tokyo Godfathers. The story of three homeless people who find a newborn baby while foraging through trash on Christmas eve and decide to care for the baby and track down its parents.
beautiful
Wolf Children. The story offers a realistic yet ultimately forgiving view of maternity, and growing up in general. 
thoughtprovoking
Waking Life. The discussions revolve around issues such as metaphysics, free will, social philosophy or the meaning of life.
horror
Gripping, violent, mysterious?
gripping
It Follows. A genuinely creepy film that’s also very smart.
violent
Green Room. The basic premise: a lefty punk band winds up taking a show at a skinhead club because they are desperate for cash. The show goes well, but afterward the band accidentally witnesses something they shouldn’t have and are trapped in the club’s green room.
mysterious
Bone Tomahawk. The suspect is a faraway tribe known for its cannibalism practices, the movie follows the sheriff as he leads an expedition to save a disappearing woman.
scifi
Weird, original, emotional?
weird
The Fountain. Highly compelling science-fiction/fantasy film told in three interwoven parts related to the mythical concept of the Tree of Life.
original
The Science of Sleep. Bizarre and whimsical dream sequences follow and a sweet, if hesitant, love story unfolds. 
emotional
Beasts of the Southern Wild. Poetic and phantasmagorical, yet as grounded as a documentary, it’s a tale told through the eyes of a young girl living in extreme poverty just beyond the bounds of civilization. 
action
Absorbing, no-brainer, smart?
smart
Serenity. The story revolves around the captain (Nathan Fillion) and crew of the titular space vessel that operate as space outlaws, running cargo and smuggling missions throughout the galaxy. 
nobrainer
Hot Fuzz. An obscenely funny flick that has an intriguing plot and an even greater set of characters.
absorbing
Sicario. It’s intense, intelligent and very realistic in its approach to action sequences. 
comedy
Up-lifting, well-acted, warm?
uplifting
50/50. In a movie that comes closer to a believable real life situation than most, 50/50 manages to mine humor, pathos and simple honesty from a dark and traditional situation. 
wellacted
Strictly Ballroom. An energetic, fun and hilarious movie.
warm
Up in the Air. Ryan Bingham enjoys living out of a suitcase for his job, travelling around the country firing people, but finds that lifestyle threatened by the presence of a potential love interest, and a new hire.
documentary
Charming, inspiring, slow?
doc
Charming, inspiring, slow?
charming
Faces Places. What happens to genius and complex filmmakers once they reach old age.
inspiring
Stop Making Sense. Widely regarded as one of the finest concert movies of all time, Stop Making Sense depicts musical innovators The Talking Heads at the height of their game.
slow
Rivers and Tides: Andy Goldsworthy Working with Time. A documentary about Andy Goldsworthy, the British artist whose art is made from natural materials found in their native environment.
drama
Humane, tear-jerker, instructive?
humane
Hotel Salvation. his Indian drama will let you discover a modern Hindu philosophy, the power of the scenic Varanasi and the bonds of family.
tearjerker
Elena. It is an inherently Russian movie, however there is something about how the story is told that makes it a universal family drama.
instructive
A Taxi Driver. A true-story-based movie, it’s a heartfelt and entertaining political drama about one of the bleakest chapters of modern Korean history.
family
Easy, touching, satisfying?
easy
Secondhand Lions.  Its fast-paced, entertaining yet substantial storyline shines a light on the amazing performances by the cast, and offers a surprising mix of funny, heartwarming and sad.
touching
Hachi: A Dog's Tale. Based on a supposedly true story which played out in Japan in early 20th century, Lasse Hallstrom’s Hachi finds beauty in its simplicity without being overly cloying and gets empathetic, frankly really strong performance from Gere.
satisfying
Mud. It takes the entire movie to an unprecedented level of authenticity and power as well as give his character’s interaction with two young boys in the South the perfect balance between uneasiness and sorrow. 
mystery
Thrilling, intense, classy?
intense
Nothing But the Truth. Free journalism versus government control is an issue that most of us feel strongly about, but it’s not often that we hear about people fighting with their lives for it.
thrilling
The Gift. A very “movie” movie, it has enough in it that’s original and enough that’s not to make for a very enjoyable 100 minutes.
classy
The Handmaiden. A great movie in line with his now mastered style of portraying the beautifully weird.
romance
Relatable, depressing, dark?
relatable
Columbus. Columbus the movie is such a great and genuine exploration of this idea, filmed in Columbus the city – a weird experimental hub for architecture that actually exists in real life! 
depressing
The Reader. Tied to a real-life series of trials against former Auschwitz employees, The Reader is a strikingly original and exceptionally well-made film that is recommended to those who appreciate sophisticated, emotionally mannered cinema.
dark
A Ghost Story. Twisted yet deep. Sad yet interesting. Slow yet exhilarating. A Ghost Story is an incredible artistic achievement.
